# public-research

DISCLAIMER:

This technical whitepaper is a draft version and is subject to change by Foamspace without notice. This document is intended only for persons who receive it directly from Foamspace.

This document is for informational purposes only and is not an exhaustive discussion of Foamspace, its platform or the FOAM token -- while every effort has been made to ensure that the material in this technical whitepaper is accurate and current, no representation is made as to the accuracy of the materials. In addition, nothing in this document should be construed as professional advice or should be relied on. Foamspace does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of this technical whitepaper.

This technical whitepaper does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in Foamspace, the FOAM Protocol or any related or associated company. The FOAM Token itself is not intended to be a security or otherwise represent equity, ownership, profits or proprietary rights in FOAM or the FOAM Protocol. None of the information or analysis presented herein is intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. Accordingly, this technical whitepaper does not constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for investment, or purchase of, the FOAM Token or any financial product. This technical whitepaper does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever. Foamspace and the FOAM Protocol expressly disclaim any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this technical whitepaper, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.
